docs/ADDITIONAL-CLASSES.md, before:

## Additional Classes

In addition to JSONPath, a few additional classes are provided to support pointer-style
property diving, element comparisons, and dynamic property access.

### Property Diving

Property diving acts similarly to JSON Pointer; it expects a path that returns a single element.
Unlike JSON Pointer, property diving notation expects a singular JSON Path. 

| Method                             | Description
|:-----------------------------------|:-----------
| `JsonElement.FromJsonPathPointer`  | Dives for properties using absolute locations like `$.store.book[2].author`

The syntax supports singular paths; dotted notation, quoted names, and simple bracketed array accessors only.
The intention is to return a single element by literal path.

Json path style '$', wildcard '*', '..', and '[a,b]' multi-result selector notations and filters are **not** supported.

```
Examples of valid path syntax:

    prop1.prop2
    prop1[0]
    'prop.2'
    prop1[0].prop2
    prop1['prop.2']
    prop1.'prop.2'[0].prop3
```

### JsonElement Path

Unlike `JsonNode`, `JsonElement` does not have a `Path` property. `JsonPathBuilder` will find the path
for a given `JsonElement`.

| Method                     | Description
|:---------------------------|:-----------
| `JsonPathBuilder.GetPath` | Returns the JsonPath location string for a given element

### Equality Helpers

| Method                             | Description
|:-----------------------------------|:-----------
| `JsonElement.DeepEquals`           | Performs a deep equals comparison on two `JsonElements`
| `JsonElementDeepEqualityComparer`  | A deep equals equality comparer that compares two `JsonElements`

### Dynamic Object Serialization

Basic support is provided for serializing to and from dynamic objects through the use of a custom `JsonConverter`.
The `DynamicJsonConverter` converter class is useful for simple scenareos. It is intended as a simple helper for 
basic use cases only.

#### DynamicJsonConverter

```csharp
var serializerOptions = new JsonSerializerOptions
{
    Converters = {new DynamicJsonConverter()}
};

// jsonInput is a string containing the bookstore json from the previous examples
var jobject = JsonSerializer.Deserialize<dynamic>( jsonInput, serializerOptions);

Assert.IsTrue( jobject.store.bicycle.color == "red" );

var jsonOutput = JsonSerializer.Serialize<dynamic>( jobject, serializerOptions ) as string;

Assert.IsTrue( jsonInput == jsonOutput );
```

##### Enum handling

When deserializing, the converter will treat enumerations as strings. You can override this behavior by setting 
the `TryReadValueHandler` on the converter. This handler will allow you to intercept and convert string and
numeric values during the deserialization process.

Commit message:

Release v1.3.0 (#36)
* [FEATURE]: Improve parser error handling (#32)

* Improve query parser error handling of quoted and unquoted select names
* Correctly throw when there are unexpected characters at the end of a query
* Refactored JsonHelper and extensions

---------

Co-authored-by: Brenton Farmer <brent.farmer@wagglebee.net>

* [FEATURE]: Improve documentation and comments (#34)

* Update comments and documentation

---------

Co-authored-by: Brenton Farmer <brent.farmer@wagglebee.net>

* Feature/30 feature test with jsonpath compliance test suite (#35)

- This project pulls the cts.json directly from the Compliance Test Suite
- Improved handling of whitespace
- Validation of non-singular queries and constants
- Added support for I-Regexp format (RFC-9485)​.
- Improved filter expression parsing
- Switched to using an internal type system for comparing values
- Memory and performance improvements

---------

Co-authored-by: Brenton Farmer <brent.farmer@wagglebee.net>

* Previous version was 'v1.2.1'. Version now 'v1.3.0'.

---------

Co-authored-by: github-actions[bot] <41898282+github-actions[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Brenton Farmer <brent.farmer@wagglebee.net>
Co-authored-by: MattEdwardsWaggleBee <MattEdwardsWaggleBee@users.noreply.github.com>

docs/ADDITIONAL-CLASSES.md, after:

## Additional Classes

In addition to JSONPath, a few additional classes are provided to support pointer-style
property diving, element comparisons, and dynamic property access.

### Property Diving

Property diving acts **similarly** to JSON Pointer; it expects an absolute path that returns a single element.
Unlike JSON Pointer, property diving notation expects normalized JSON Path notation. 

| Method                             | Description
|:-----------------------------------|:-----------
| `JsonElement.FromJsonPathPointer`  | Dives for properties using absolute locations like `$.store.book[2].author`

The syntax supports absolute (normalized) paths; dotted notation, quoted names, and simple bracketed array accessors only.
The intention is to return a single element by literal path.

Json path style wildcard '*', '..', and '[a,b]' multi-result selector notations and filters are **not** supported.


### JsonElement Path

Unlike `JsonNode`, `JsonElement` does not have a `Path` property. `JsonPathBuilder` will find the path
for a given `JsonElement`.

| Method                     | Description
|:---------------------------|:-----------
| `JsonPathBuilder.GetPath`  | Returns the JsonPath location string for a given element

### Equality Helpers

| Method                             | Description
|:-----------------------------------|:-----------
| `JsonElement.DeepEquals`           | Performs a deep equals comparison on two `JsonElements`
| `JsonElementDeepEqualityComparer`  | A deep equals equality comparer that compares two `JsonElements`

### Dynamic Object Serialization

Basic support is provided for serializing to and from dynamic objects through the use of a custom `JsonConverter`.
The `DynamicJsonConverter` class is useful for simple scenareos. It is intended as a simple helper for 
basic use cases only. A helper methods `JsonHelper.ConvertToDynamic` is provided to simplify the process of 
serializing and deserializing dynamic objects.

#### Example: ConvertToDynamic

```csharp
var root = JsonDocument.Parse(jsonInput); // jsonInput contains the bookstore example
var element = JsonHelper.ConvertToDynamic( source );

var book = element.store.book[0];
var author = book.author;
var price = book.price;

Assert.IsTrue( price == 8.95 );
Assert.IsTrue( author == "Nigel Rees" );
```

#### Example: Serialize To Dynamic

```csharp
var serializerOptions = new JsonSerializerOptions
{
    Converters = {new DynamicJsonConverter()}
};

// jsonInput contains the bookstore example
var jobject = JsonSerializer.Deserialize<dynamic>( jsonInput, serializerOptions);

Assert.IsTrue( jobject.store.bicycle.color == "red" );

var jsonOutput = JsonSerializer.Serialize<dynamic>( jobject, serializerOptions ) as string;

Assert.IsTrue( jsonInput == jsonOutput );
```

##### Enum handling

When deserializing, the converter will treat enumerations as strings. You can override this behavior by setting 
the `TryReadValueHandler` on the converter. This handler will allow you to intercept and convert string and
numeric values during the deserialization process.
